README.md, before:

# woffu-client
<!-- BADGES -->
![PyPI - Python version](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?query=info.requires_python&label=python&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpypi.org%2Fpypi%2Fwoffu-client%2Fjson&logo=python)
[![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/woffu-client?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/woffu-client/)
![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/woffu-client?logo=pypi)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/woffu-client)

Woffu client with access to several endpoints outside their public API, for those users without access to a Woffu API key.

## Installation

## PyPI

The build package is publicly available on PyPI:

```
pip install woffu-client
```

### Development

```bash
pip install -e .
```

## Usage:

```bash
usage: woffu-cli [-h] [--config CONFIG] [--non-interactive] {download-all-documents,get-status,sign,request-credentials,summary-report} ...

CLI interface for Woffu API client

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --config CONFIG       Authentication file path (default: /home/mpalacin/.config/woffu/woffu_auth.json)
  --non-interactive     Set session as non-interactive

actions:
  {download-all-documents,get-status,sign,request-credentials,summary-report}
    download-all-documents
                        Download all documents from Woffu
    get-status          Get current status and current day's total amount of worked hours
    sign                Send sign in or sign out request based on the '--sign-type' argument
    request-credentials
                        Request credentials from Woffu. For non-interactive sessions, set username and password as environment variables WOFFU_USERNAME and WOFFU_PASSWORD.
    summary-report      Summary report of work hours for a given time window
```

Commit message:

hotfix: add disclaimer to README.md

README.md, after:

# woffu-client
<!-- BADGES -->
![PyPI - Python version](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?query=info.requires_python&label=python&url=https%3A%2F%2Fpypi.org%2Fpypi%2Fwoffu-client%2Fjson&logo=python)
[![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/woffu-client?logo=pypi)](https://pypi.org/project/woffu-client/)
![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/woffu-client?logo=pypi)
![PyPI - License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/woffu-client)

Woffu client with access to several endpoints outside their public API, for those users without access to a Woffu API key.

## Installation

### PyPI

The build package is publicly available on PyPI:

```
pip install woffu-client
```

#### Development

```bash
pip install -e .
```

## Usage

```bash
usage: woffu-cli [-h] [--config CONFIG] [--non-interactive] {download-all-documents,get-status,sign,request-credentials,summary-report} ...

CLI interface for Woffu API client

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --config CONFIG       Authentication file path (default: /home/mpalacin/.config/woffu/woffu_auth.json)
  --non-interactive     Set session as non-interactive

actions:
  {download-all-documents,get-status,sign,request-credentials,summary-report}
    download-all-documents
                        Download all documents from Woffu
    get-status          Get current status and current day's total amount of worked hours
    sign                Send sign in or sign out request based on the '--sign-type' argument
    request-credentials
                        Request credentials from Woffu. For non-interactive sessions, set username and password as environment variables WOFFU_USERNAME and WOFFU_PASSWORD.
    summary-report      Summary report of work hours for a given time window
```

## Disclaimer

This project has been partially coded using AI (ChatGPT) for handling HTTP sessions and responses as well as almost all unit tests. Expect either duplicated tests or code that can be improved; I intend to use static code analysis tools later on to achieve a cleaner code.
